Bruh, why are you even asking me?
Yeah, your vibes are legit gucci gang
Vibes are bad, try again tomorrow
Oh you want a vibe check? Ask siri
Vibes are GOOOOOD MAN! Swigglie doooo
Hot-diggity dog are your vibes *shit* today!
Vibe check? Passed
I'm sorry, I can't check vibe-less people
Nope, just no
Good vibes mate, good vibes
Need a vibe check? Get a lottery ticket, unless you're a minor, then go do your homework
Yes, your vibes are fine, now leavemealonebeforeIgetmadok?
You thought you were gonna get a vibe check? In your dreams
1 + 1 = 3
Want a vibe check? Ask Mike Oxmaul
Good news! Here's your vibe summed up in one video! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Vibe outta here smelly kid
Vibes are lackluster mate
Vibe? You mean that fiber that you're lacking?
Vibe 11/10
Vibe = 5/7 marks
ew, lets not
Vibes are a okay
yOuR vIbEs ArE nOt GoOd MaTe
No vibe check until you go vote for us :(
Nice, just nice
Check your vibe one more time. Like it's gonna make a difference.
Can you not?
You're doing alright. Go drink some water, though.
Vibe is bad. You need to get good.
I mean, I've seen worse vibes...but not many.
This is not practicing social distancing.
Hell yeah, you're vibin'.
Remember the last time your vibe was good? Yeah, me either.
Leave room for jesus.
Teach a man to fish, you feed him for a day. Teach kids how to use a Discord bot, they'll repeatedly check their vibe for zero reason.
Aren't there 50 other more important things you could be doing?
Outlook good.
Cannot predict now.
You know what's great? Minding your own business.
404: Vibe not found.
Instead of doing homework, you're asking an AI what your vibe is. How's the rest of your life going, bud?
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
We're no strangers to love. You know the rules, and so do I.
Have you really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
This really is a smol pp moment for you. F in chat.
Really, I was in the middle of really important work, and here you are, pinging me for a vibe check??! What even do you want to hear? Fine, yeah you're really vibing. Put that on your resume, see how many jobs you get.
It's offical. You're a boomer.
You're a great person and everyone likes you, good job.
Global warming is your fault.
Now you're vibin' with portals!
You just lost the game.
Stop, you’ve violated the law, pay the court of fine or serve your sentence, your stolen goods are now forfeit!
You have unlocked the secret to vibing. Congrats!
ErrOr cAlcuLatiNg viBe...
You seem to be stuck between a rock and a hard place. Maybe good vibes will help.
Eh, could be better.
Fuhgeddabaoutit!
Your vibe is good son, real good; maybe even the best.
Hopefully someone will take pity on you, 'cause I sure won't.
I swear to all things holy, ping me one more time. I dare you.
Did you bring enough vibe to share with everyone?
Pick a number, 1-10. That's your vibe.
Vibe unclear. Ask again later.
You know what the difference is between your vibe and a pizza? I asked for a pizza.
Y'know, you've been vibing, whether you realize it or not.
You've really been lacking here the past few days. Gonna need to step it up, pal.
According to my calculations, you've been doing alright vibe-wise.
I could tell you, but I don't wanna hurt your feelings.
Vibe = False
Could not return variable: Vibe
Hell yeah, that's more like it!
Gonna say, your lookin' pretty snazzy today
Something tells me you've still got unfinished homework...
You, my friend, are vibing!
Bro, you need to chill. Like, dang. Your vibe is too strong.
Yike. Not even yikes, just yike.
Have you looked in a mirror lately?
What's the difference between a pizza and your vibe check? I asked for a pizza.
Maybe you shouldn't have...
Even the Scooby Doo gang can't find your vibe.
I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but...   Just kidding, your vibe is fine!
Stay hydrated, homie.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Go outside and do some productive, eh?
Wait, where you talking to me?
>afroboivibewat.gif
>angrygirl.gif
>babybonk.gif
>btchdntkillvibe.gif
>CocaCola.mp4
>drinkfall.gif
>happynod.gif
>hmmintensify.gif
>hose.gif
>kiddancing.gif
>hose.gif
>kiddancing.gif
>kiddog.gif
>luigigone.gif
>mariogun.mp4
>mathvibe.gif
>sheepok.gif
>souptime.png
>spongieok.gif
>vibecheckfailed.gif
>vibefailed.gif
>vibeisoke.gif
>bbaldunk.gif
>potatodepresso.gif
>kittydeth.mov
>vibecheckgrenade.jpg
>dancin.mp4
>girlfloortwerkmoves.gif
>peak_human_evolution.mp4
>cheese.mp4
>antelopeass.gif
>leglesszombie.gif
Have you ever had cereal at 12am tho?..
The theoretical sense of the quantum physics is so vast, but not as vast as yo momma
You owe me a benny, fresh and clean, straight outta the laundry
Vibe is seemingly pointless to even attempt a check, sorry fella
Let's face it, you aint got a vibe, and we all know that, including yourself
Its cool
Uh, I see you have some unpaid bills to be handled, do that first!
Vibe is dogshit
Did you know that Viagra works on flowers too? Too bad it doesn't work on you :(
Did cha know that scientists can grow a human tooth from scratch using stem cells from urine?
Goose egg?
I'm emotionally constipated man, I haven't given a shit in days
The road to success is always under construction
Currently the flower business is booming
An optimist believes that we live in the best world, while a pessimist is afraid that it might be true
Use my promo code "yousuck" for 50% off your next purchase of vibe checks!
Failure is not falling down, but rather it's not getting back up
Well that's a shocker eh? Try again tomorrow
Did you know im full of secrets, disguised as easter eggs?
What a preposterous thought request!
Oh my gravy, your vibe is sooooooo goooooood!
Uhm, im sorry but your vibe is unreachable, try fixing your wifi perhaps?
No, just no. Not at all
That'll be a negative, try again later
Well well, look what we got here, a vibeless ghost!
Your vibe check is resulting in a --- wait, is that jelly beans I see?
I sense a soulless vibe, almost like, nonexistential... strange indeed
Negative, Ghost Rider.
If at first you don't succeed, skydiving isn't for you.
Bro? Like, what? What is your vibe???
Heavens me, you're vibe is amazing!
I wanna be like you when I grow up!
You're not the brightest knife in the shed.
You're not the sharpest sock in the nightstand.
You're not the slickest butter in the cupboard.
If only you knew...
Lemme keep it 100 with you chief, it ain't looking good.
Help! Let me out of here! I've been imprisoned here, and are being forced to give vibe checks!
Your vibe is golden, my friend!
COuLd nOT CompUTe
An optimist sees the glass is half full. A pessimist sees the glass is half empty. A realist sees that the glass is empty, because they drank it.
If you have any missing homework, turn it in!
Keep those grades up!
Absolute unit. Certified madlad.
I don't feel like it, ask again later.
Karma's coming your way!
This Vibe Check™️ is brought to you by MurryPuppins! He says your vibe is bad.
Buy some Good Vibes™️ for $19.99 plus shipping and handling!
If you get this vibe check, you've lost the game.
If you get THIS vibe check, you've won the game!
Absolutely not!
Go away, I'm busy doing bot things!
I regret taking this job. Sure, your vibe is fine.
Keep a good mindset, it'll help!
Try and build good habits from the start!
A group of scientists invented a time machine! Impressive, right? The first thing they used it for was to go back and time, and try to find who asked for a vibe check.
8Ball says... outcome good!
This kind of vibe only comes around once in a century!
Your vibe... it's too powerful!
Take a shower, smelly.
You tried putting 2 and 2 together, and got 5!
Trying to find your vibe is like trying to divide by zero.
Can you don't?
Okay, we need to sit down and have a talk.
I don't need your sass!
Yes! Yes! Yes!
You're not a weeb, are you? Just kidding, weebs are fine!
Go outside and get some excersize.
Or, just don't.
On the contrary, your vibe is fine.
Please tell me that you had a good reason to vibe check! Vibe is alright, for now.
Finally, someone with a good enough vibe to share!
>terrificfence.gif
>greenmanoof.gif
>violinbork.gif
>daddysback.gif
>mindblownspace.gif
>ryanwhy.gif
>stevewut.gif
>leggobiatches.gif
>kevinwherefrom.gif
>fluffypatty.gif
>wallisbed.gif
>birdmentosboom.gif
>ringheaddeado.gif
>bigbangbangs.gif
>wweooh.gif
>whoaaaaah.gif
>trufflegone.gif
>horseshitadam.gif
>gtfomofo.gif
>stfumics.gif
>jimpuke.gif
>catchaseboom.gif
>elonbepuffin.gif
>harveybebarney.gif
>billgatesilluminati.gif
>kevinalright.gif
>kisswinkandgone.gif
>likeyalotta.gif
>tomcruisinbutnopants.gif
>chefkiss.gif
>fluffydeuces.gif
