Bruh, why are you even asking me?
Yeah, your vibes are legit gucci gang
Vibes are bad, try again tomorrow
Oh you want a vibe check? Ask siri
Vibes are GOOOOOD MAN! Swigglie doooo
Hot-diggity dog are your vibes *shit* today!
Vibe check? Passed
I'm sorry, I can't check vibe-less people
Nope, just no
Good vibes mate, good vibes
Need a vibe check? Get a lottery ticket, unless you're a minor, then go do your homework
Yes, your vibes are fine, now leavemealonebeforeIgetmadok?
I dunno, ask Kay
You thought you were gonna get a vibe check? In your dreams
1 + 1 = 3
Want a vibe check? Ask Mike Oxmaul
Good news! Here's your vibe summed up in one video! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dQw4w9WgXcQ
Vibe outta here smelly kid
Vibes are lackluster mate
Vibe? You mean that fiber that you're lacking?
Vibe 11/10
Vibe = 5/7 marks
ew, lets not
Vibes are a okay
Sie sind sehr schlecht
Sie sind gut
Wie geht's?
Zapatos?
yOuR vIbEs ArE nOt GoOd MaTe
No vibe check until you go vote for us :(
Nice, just nice
Check your vibe one more time. Like it's gonna make a difference.
Can you not?
You're doing alright. Go drink some water, though.
Vibe is bad. You need to get good.
I mean, I've seen worse vibes...but not many.
This is not practicing social distancing.
Hell yeah, you're vibin'.
Your vibe is as good as Cam committing to things.
Remember the last time your vibe was good? Yeah, me either.
Leave room for jesus.
Teach a man to fish, you feed him for life. Teach kids how to use a Discord bot, they'll repeatedly check their vibe for zero reason.
Aren't there 50 other more important things you could be doing?
Outlook good.
Cannot predict now.
You know what's great? Minding your own business.
404: Vibe not found.
Instead of doing homework, you're asking an AI what your vibe is. How's the rest of your life going, bud?
Ping Dqmascus, he'll tell you.
According to all known laws of aviation, there is no way a bee should be able to fly. Its wings are too small to get its fat little body off the ground. The bee, of course, flies anyway because bees don't care what humans think is impossible.
We're no strangers to love. You know the rules, and so do I.
Have you really been far even as decided to use even go want to do look more like?
This really is a smol pp moment for you. F in chat.
Really, I was in the middle of really important work, and here you are, pinging me for a vibe check??! What even do you want to hear? Fine, yeah you're really vibing. Put that on your resume, see how many jobs you get.
It's offical. You're a boomer.
:pikawut:
You're a great person and everyone likes you, good job.
Global warming is your fault.
Now you're vibin' with portals!
You just lost the game.
Stop! you've violated the law. pay the court of fine or serve your sentence, your stolen goods are now forfeit!
If you've vibe checked more than once today, maybe you should do some self-reflection.
I hear yoga is good for balance.
You're vibin'!
Aw yeah, get those vibes.
Ping me again. Because why not? You already have like 6 times today.
Back in my day, we played out in the yard, went to school uphill both ways in 30 feet of snow, got spanked with a belt and look how we turned out! With crippling anxiety and depression.
Does it matter what I say? You're just going to keep pinging me until you get a response you like.
Yeah boiiiii. Your vibe is real good. Real good.
Your vibe could be worse, I suppose.
If you get this response, you must donate $1 to Doctors Without Borders.
Most test subjects do experience some cognitive deterioration after a few months in suspension. Now you've been under for... quite a lot longer, and it's not out of the question that you might have a very minor case of serious brain damage. But don't be alarmed, alright? Although, if you do feel alarm, try to hold onto that feeling because that is the proper reaction to being told you have brain damage.
This is such a bad result, I think you should see a doctor. Not sure what you're going to tell him, but I'm worried about you.
You put off the kind of vibe that your mom would be proud of you for. Keep going.
Ouch. Gotta work on that vibe, yo.
Cortana would probably scream incoherently if you asked her.
I haven't seen a vibe this good in years. I aspire to be like you one day.
Vibe isn't great, but you know what is? Ice cream. Go getchu some.
Hey, things might not look so great right now, but it's true - It does get better.
Solid 7.499/9.
I'm in a good mood; you get a 8/13.
Nope. Don't like that. 2/15.
I'm not...sure? I think it's good. But it could also be really bad. You're hard to read.
You're so chill, Ice Cube would be jealous as hell.
You've got some issues you're worried or frustrated about. Just remember - it's temporary. You'll be okay.
Your vibe is so good, Bob Marley would be honored to hang out with you.
Even storms pass in time. Vibe isn't doing so hot now, but it'll get better.
As Link once famously said in any of the Zelda games, "..."